we're now going to actually vacuum seal some
meat in a plastic bag through the vacuum sealer
before we do anything to do with the vacuum
sealing what we want to do is make sure that our
station is completely sanitary clean, you can
see the hand sanitizer here paper towel clean hands
everything has to be immaculately clean before we
start because we want to ward off any bacteria,we
don't want any bacteria growth on the meat as we're
doing this process so what I'm gonna do first is
i'm just gonna get my gloves and in front of me
there i've got two pieces of ossobuco veal shin
so I'm just going to put my gloves on to my
right hand side there i've got a plastic bag
these plastic bags are quite thick actually and
this is what we're going to use for the actual
vacuum ceiling so I'm just pulling on my gloves
just to make make sure that I have absolutely
no bacteria anywhere what I'm going to be doing
first thing I want to do is just open up the bag
i'm just going to sort of fold the bag over and
then open that up what I'm going to do is just
use one of my hands to place the meat into the
bag while the other one will hold on to that bag
then I can pull this ready to go into the vacuum
sealer, the reason that we vacuum seal meat is to
ward off the bacteria it would actually allow
the meat to be fresher for a longer period of
time this is something you're going to see in
the culinary industry you're going to see it
in restaurants hotels you're also going to see a
lot in butcher shops and people will also do this
in supermarkets as well as they're going through
the process so again we want to make sure we're
as clean sanitary as possible putting it into the
bag making sure there's no bacteria in there, once
that bag is sealed it would help ward off bacteria
from affecting the meat and making that meat rotten